i Think you can make a lot of difference if we talk , become good friends in our lord , and see theirs,most especially the poor at heart, and the less privileged. first. I think i would start all with a proper introduction of myself...I am Mrs helen paul, a widow to Late Anderson paul. I am 67 years old, suffering from long time cancer of the breast . i am currently here in on disclose hospital in italy. which i am just waiting for my time to come. i am not forcing you to carryout the will of God But willingly you can do this for me before i pass away. From all indications , my condition is really deteriorating and is quite obvious that I may not live more than four months after my next surgery , because the cancer stage has gotten to a very severe stage . My personal physician told me that I
may not live for more than 4 months and I am so scared about it . I have no child of mine , even though i wish i had . It is late now you know , since i can not get married again , and age is no longer on my side. 
Psalms 119:116 Uphold me according unto thy word, that I may live, and let me not ashamed of my hope.Psalms 138:7 Though I walk in the midst of trouble, thou will revive me...... Psalms 145:18 Psalms 57:7 My heart is fixed. O God my heart is fixed, I will sing & give praise Psalms 51:17 The sacrifices of God are broken spirit, a broken & contrite heart, O God thou will not despise. psalms 41: 1 Blessed is he that considerate the poor, the Lord will deliver him in time of trouble.Two of my favorite verses: Philippians2:27 For indeed he was sick nigh unto death, but God had mercy on him & that on him only, but on me also,lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow.( I always say this in my mind)

So, I now decide to divide part of my wealth, by contributing to the development of the motherless baby homes, needy, poor, charity homes and widows too.i am willing to donate the huge sum of   7.9million euro which is still the major inheritance i have left.i wish you could be someone who i could trust with all my heart,to make this wish of mine come true...Please note that, this fund is lying in a Bank. so i need you to use the funds to help the poor . I know this is hard , and it take a very strong heart to get this done , but you should keep this saying in your heart , I am like Moses in the Bible . He came to the Red Sea and Pharaoh behind him and no way to turn but God delivered him all by a miraculous deliverance . It will be a miracle from God to be able to help all the dear people God has laid on our hearts .

This is why with God in my heart,i contact syou,and i want you to contact me,so we be in contact with all the poor souls out there .Give new lives , hopes and days . I have come to find out that wealth acquisition without Christ is vanity and i hope you will agree with this also . I will be praying hard that Satan will not stop this
effort .do get back to me and i will tell you more of what you wish to know .
 
I await your response
God bless you
Mrs helen paul
